Xcode Overhaul (#43)
eecs280staff/tutorials: docs/setup_xcode.md

**Pro-tip:** Here's a quick way to open Xcode to a specific project folder from the command line.
```console
$ open p1-stats.xcodeproj
```
{: data-variant="no-line-numbers" }
</div>

Right-click `p1-stats` in the sidebar.  Select "New File".

<img src="images/xcode115.png" width="768px" />

Select "macOS", "C++ File", and click "Next".

<img src="images/xcode116.png" width="512px" />

Name your file, we'll use `stats.cpp` for this example.  Uncheck "Also create a header file".  There's nothing wrong with using "create a header file" if your project needs it.

<img src="images/xcode117.png" width="512px" />

Don't select any targets.  Click "Create".

<img src="images/xcode118.png" width="512px" />

You should see your new file in the sidebar.

<img src="images/xcode119.png" width="768px" />

### Add existing files
If you have starter files, add them to your project directory.  This example is from EECS 280 Project 1.  Your URL or files might be different.

<div class="primer-spec-callout warning" markdown="1">
**Pitfall:** Make sure you're in the directory containing your source code.
```console
$ ls
main.cpp  p1-stats.xcodeproj
```
</div>

> We'll use the terminal to download, unpack, and move starter files into the `src` subdirectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll use the terminal to download, unpack, and move starter files into the 'p1-stats' directory
```
It is mentioned that it is "optional" to delete the inner project folder. So currently the options are:
1) p1-stats/
2) p1-stats/p1-stats/

src/ is definitely wrong, but it may be weird to phrase this correctly for everyone.

Author: Good catch! #52

Select all the starter files (<kbd>Command</kbd> + <kbd>a</kbd>).  Do *not* select "Copy items if needed".  Click "Add".

<img src="images/xcode100.png" width="384px" />

You will now see your files in the sidebar.

<img src="images/xcode110.png" width="256px" />

#### Rename files
If you need to rename any files, use Xcode, not the command line or Finder.  In EECS 280, you'll need to rename any files that end in `.starter`.

Select a file and press <kbd>Enter</kbd>.  Change the file name.  In EECS 280, you'll do this to any file that ends in `.starter`.

| <img src="images/xcode120.png" width="192px" /> | <img src="images/xcode125.png" width="192px" /> |

## Compile and Run
An Xcode target compiles (builds) one executable.

We need to avoid multiple `main()` functions by including the right files in our target.  Click "p1-stats" in the side bar, then "p1-stats" under TARGETS.  Click "Build Phases", the "Compile Sources".  Include the files needed to compile the main program.  Remove any other files by selecting them and clicking on the "–" button.

<img src="images/xcode130.png" width="768px" />

<div class="primer-spec-callout info" markdown="1">

> **Pro-tip:** In future projects, you'll have to figure out which files to include in a build.  Generally, each time you see `#include "myfile.h"`, you will include a corresponding `myfile.cpp` file in the build.  Be sure that you include only one `main()` function.

Reviewer 2: May be worth adding "Never add `.h` files to the build target." or something like that.

Author: Good idea.

What's your name?
Hello Drew!
```
{: data-highlight="1" }

Without input redirection, here's how to type input in the Xcode command line.

<img src="images/xcode255.png" width="768px" />

Xcode does not support automated input redirection.  One option is to simply type the input each time.  Another option is to use a work-around described in [https://gitlab.eecs.umich.edu/eecs281/wiki/wikis/xcode-file-redirection](https://gitlab.eecs.umich.edu/eecs281/wiki/wikis/xcode-file-redirection)

### Arguments and options
<div class="primer-spec-callout info" markdown="1">
Skip this subsection for EECS 280 project 1.
</div>

Arguments and options are inputs to a program typed at the command line.  Here's an example from EECS 280 Project 5:
```console
$ ./main.exe train_small.csv test_small.csv --debug
```
{: data-variant="no-line-numbers" data-highlight="1" }

- `main.exe` is the name of the program
- `train_small.csv` and `test_small.csv` are arguments
- `--debug` is an option

Select your scheme, then "Edit Scheme".  You can also use menu: Product > Scheme > Edit Scheme.

| <img src="images/xcode149.png" width="384px" /> | <img src="images/xcode150.png" width="384px" /> |

> Add each option or argument separately.

Reviewer 2: You can actually add all the arguments on the same line with spaces between, e.g. "train_small.csv test_small.csv".

IMO that's preferrable, because then you can add your different configurations (e.g. also "w16_projects_exam.csv sp16_projects_exam.csv --debug") on different lines and then toggle between them with the checkboxes.

It would be less common that you want to toggle individual arguments, as the current instructions would enable.

Author: Ohh, nice.  Fixed 5233304a4c93569f38882c55ecccbe57d086d8d9
